Updates for schedule api changes (#1595)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-schedule.md

- [How to enable Schedules](#how-to-enable-schedules)
- [How to operate Schedules using tctl](/tctl/schedule/)

> A Schedule has an identity, and is independent of a Workflow Execution.

Author: I like it better with the comma but I'll defer to you if you feel strongly

> A Schedule has an identity, and is independent of a Workflow Execution.

Reviewer: This edit I'll stick with because "is independent" needs its own subject if the comma remains.

- The Action's timestamp is appended to the Workflow Id.
- The `TemporalScheduledStartTime` [Search Attribute](/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute) is added to the Workflow Execution.
  The value is the Action's timestamp.
- The `TemporalScheduledById` Search Attribute is added to the Workflow Execution.
  The value is the Schedule Id.

### Spec

The Schedule Spec describes when the Action is taken. There are two types of Schedule Spec:

> - A simple interval, like "every 30 minutes" (aligned to start at the Unix epoch, and optionally including a phase offset).

Author: The most common definition of "epoch" refers to a range of time, but the most common definition of "Unix epoch" refers to a specific point in time, not a range, so I don't think it makes sense to refer to the beginning of it.

> - A simple interval, like "every 30 minutes" (aligned to start at the Unix epoch, and optionally including a phase offset).

Reviewer: Good point. I withdraw the suggestion.

A Workflow started by a Schedule can obtain the details of the failure of the most recent run that ended at the time when the Workflow in question was started. Unlike last completion result, a _successful_ run _does_ reset the last failure.

### Limitations

:::info Experimental

The Scheduled Workflows feature is available in Temporal Server version 1.18.

Internally, a Schedule is implemented as a Workflow.
If you're using Advanced Visibility (Elasticsearch), these workflows will be hidden from normal views.
If you're using Standard Visibility, they will be visible, though there's no need to interact with them directly.

:::

Native support for Schedules in language SDKs is coming soon.
For now, `tctl` and the web UI are the main interfaces to Schedules.

> For advanced use, you can also use the gRPC API by getting a `WorkflowServiceClient` from the SDK and calling `CreateSchedule`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For advanced use, you can also use the gRPC API by getting a `WorkflowServiceClient` object from the SDK and calling methods such as `CreateSchedule`.
```
